docs: eth_subscribe api, misc. cleanup (#3386)
fubuloubu/web3.py: docs/web3.eth.rst

    ``(web3, transaction_params)`` and return a gas price denominated in wei.

.. py:method:: Eth.subscribe(subscription_identifier, subscription_params)

      * Delegates to ``eth_subscribe`` RPC Method

>       Only available on persistent connection providers: ``WebSocketProvider`` and ``AsyncIPCProvider``.

Reviewer: nit: Can we link to the classes instead of code blocks on the providers here?

>       Returns a subscription ID that can be used to track or unsubscribe from an event's logs.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the use of "logs" here? I think it can make sense but it may muddy with ethereum logs. Does just event make sense?

nit: track a subscription to / unsubscribe from ? maybe ?

```suggestion
      Returns a subscription ID that can be used to track a particular subscription to, or unsubscribe from, an event.
```

      For usage examples see the docs on :ref:`subscription-examples`.

      .. code-block:: python

          >>> subscription_id = await web3.eth.subscribe('newHeaders')
          >>> subscription_id
          '0xbd63bb89e7475591a0a6fc9014307bc4'

.. py:method:: Eth.unsubscribe(subscription_id)

      * Delegates to ``eth_unsubscribe`` RPC Method

>       Only available on persistent connection providers: ``WebSocketProvider`` and ``AsyncIPCProvider``.

Reviewer: nit: Same question here
